Sa 3167 bring your own cert (#471)
TheJumpCloud/support: scripts/automation/Radius/readme.md

### End User Experience

After a user's certificate has been distributed to a system, those users can then connect to a radius network with certificate based authentication.
### Importing a certificate

If you have your own self-signed certificate, you can import the certificate and key to `~/Radius/Cert` folder. Note: Please make sure the certificate and key name ends with `key.pem` and `cert.pem` (ex. `radius_ca_cert.pem` or `radius_ca_key.pem`)

### Importing a certificate with a .pfx file

In order to import a certificate from a .pfx file, the certificate and key needs to be extracted from .pfx file.

> 1. Extract the private key: `pkcs12 -in certfile.pfx -nocerts -out ~/Radius/radius_ca_key.pem -nodes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Extract the private key: `openssl pkcs12 -in certfile.pfx -nocerts -out /projectDir/Radius/Cert/radius_ca_key.pem`
```

Reviewer: Missing 'openssl' and when I tested with -nodes I found that it stripped my original password set on the key file. [According to the documentation](https://www.openssl.org/docs/man3.0/man1/openssl-pkcs12.html) it's an option to not encrypt the private key, so I suggest we remove it.

   * Replace certfile.pfx to the file path of your .pfx file. Make sure the `radius_ca_key.pem` is saved or moved to `~/Radius/Certs/` directory
   * This command will prompt for the .pfx password. NOTE: Please DO NOT FORGET the password as you will need it when generating user certificates.

> 2. Extract the certificate: `pkcs12 -in certfile.pfx -nokeys -out ~/Radius/Cert/radius_ca_cert.pem`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Extract the certificate: `openssl pkcs12 -in certfile.pfx -nokeys -out /projectDir/Radius/Cert/radius_ca_cert.pem`
```
